I have made more money our goal
that's all the great strain
we put together if I can round up the
right feet
all kind of people awesome
housing you hit going kid okay hey
Hatton Garden no one at home go down the
shelf life spider-man and default is out
[Music]
anything while you're in that gold it's
easy again but difficult to get rid of
[Music]
police have said this is the biggest
robbery in UK history unless they're
complete idiots the jewels must have
already left a country those dingbats
don't notice although
on the governor now I'll have you feel
sharks everything you switched them very
treacherous wax who's sorry you one
they're like a pack of starving race
just so disappointed when people stooped
to backstabber
you think he's dead he's got you
[Applause]
[Music]
you